Mom, something's burning.
Got it.
Did you brush your teeth yet?
Mom.
No, Mom.
We're running late.
Come on, go brush your teeth.
Aiden, are you dressed?
Come here, baby.
Your shirt is inside out.
Aiden.
Okay.
Madison.
We got to be out the door in five minutes.
Other arm.
Are we good?
Okay.
One more time.
What did we learn from what we read today in the Daily Times?
It's about ASA, right?
Very good.
And?
We don't want to envy people that don't love Jehovah.
Very good.
So, question.
When kids at school do things that look like fun,
but we know that Jehovah doesn't like, what should we do?
Right.
Perfect.
You're so smart.
Okay.
Come on, let's go to the train.
There are five more minutes to clean.
The ones that are circled.
No, okay.
All right.
Thanks.
Hey, Heather.
Hey, Simone.
I just made some tea.
Would you like some?
Thank you.
Sure.
How's your day going?
Good.
Did you see Laura's pictures?
No.
Pictures of what?
Her vacation.
It looks so nice.
That's great.
Oh, did I tell you I'm going the way too?
Where are you going?
My boyfriend bought me an all-inclusive vacation package.
And the island retreats sounds really great right now.
Yeah, are you going anywhere taking any trips?
No, you know, the kids I can't really afford to do my-
She's made for sure.
Sometimes I just feel so trapped.
I know I need to keep my life simple.
And stay focused on spiritual things.
But it just seems like I'm constantly seeing others around me.
Being rewarded with nice things.
And I just feel forgotten.
Hmm.
When we discussed the text this morning on envy,
I never thought I'd be applying it to myself.
Before I became envious when I would see the peace of the wicked,
what did Aiden say Asaf did to overcome his envy?
But as for me, drawing near to God is good for me.
I have made the sovereign Lord Jehovah my refuge.
That's right.
He prayed.
And that's exactly what I need to do.
When a pointed servant makes a mistake,
let us continue to do all things free from hermoring.
Philippians 242.
Does that mean we're going to be late?
Yes.
Yes, we are.
Finish that.
I really appreciate the scripture because it helps us to guard against the spirit of the world.
And how might these scriptures help us in choosing our entertainment?
Sister Edwards?
Vampires, werewolves, witches are all associated with the spirit world.
So if our entertainment involves any of these,
we might meditate on Psalms 9710 and ask ourselves,
do I really hate what Jehovah hates?
Sister Thorn.
And let's hear from Young Sister Wakeler.
Any other thoughts before we move on?
Sister Perez.
Excuse me.
Thanks for all that you've done.
Good night.
You know, we have the congregation cleaning tonight.
Any chance you might be able to take care of the maframs?
Shormatize is nothing I'd love to do more.
It's not like I'm doing enough of this all day, every day.
Oh, and did I mention how much I appreciate all the brothers not calling on me tonight?
Oh, honey, I'm so sorry.
Mommy didn't mean that.
It's okay, Mom. I know you're tired.
That's no excuse.
Here, let's go sit together.
I was just frustrated.
I never should have said that.
You know, in the train, I was actually listening to an article
about not murmuring against the elders,
even if they make mistakes.
I guess I should have meditated on that a little more.
Madison, I want you to know that our elders work very, very hard.
Do you remember last week when they came for that shepherding visit?
Yeah, Matias and his wife brought groceries the next day.
That's right. They brought us groceries.
The elders care about us so much,
and they truly deserve our respect.
I never should have said that.
You understand?
I understand.
Okay. Good girl.
All right, you know what?
Why don't we finish up the mirrors together?
Sound good?
All right.
Okay.
There's nothing on...
Wait.
This is the show everyone at work has been talking about.
It's supposed to be great,
but it looks really spiritualistic.
Vampires, werewolves, witches are all associated with the spirit world.
So if our entertainment involves any of these,
we might meditate on Psalms 9710 and ask ourselves,
do I really hate what Jehovah hates?
Hmm.
It doesn't look that bad.
But I know Jehovah hates spiritism,
and I want to hate what Jehovah hates.
That verse also says Jehovah will guard his loyal ones.
I want to show him that I'm...
one of his loyal ones.